Currently, the only tabs on the sheet are:  Roi, Ticker, and Peercoin
There is an individual tab for each coin in the ROI tab and you can see them by right-clicking a tab and clicking 'unhide'
I hid them to free up a lot of space.
Since Peercoin was the last one I added, I left it on the list to make it easy for a user to add any new coin.
There are a few ways to add a coin but the following steps are pretty easy.
If it freezes for about 10 seconds, it's probably because it's updating.

To add a coin to the list:

1. Right click a tab on the bottom and copy it.  Make sure to check the 'create a copy' box and '(move to end)' in the list
2. Rename the tab you just created to the coin you're adding
3. If queries and Connections are open on the right, double-click the one with the name of the tab (before you renamed it) you created.  If queries aren't open, go to 'data' at top and click 'queries and connections'
4. When the querie editor pops up, under 'properties' in the top left, rename the querie to the name of the coin you're adding.
5. Under 'applied steps', double-click 'source'
6. In the url it is pointing to, the last string needs to be changed to the correct name.
example:  if adding litecoin, it should look like this:     https://api.coinmarketcap.com/v1/ticker/litecoin/
7. Close the querie editor and tell it to keep the changes upon close
8. Add the coin to your list on the first tab.
9. Under the 'Today's Value' column, click the box in your new coins row.
10. Type =
11. Go to the new tab you created and select the value under the 'price_usd' column
12. Press enter and it will take you back to the main tab and input that value where you entered =
13. The value for that coin will now be updated accordingly.
14. Input the values in the rest of the columns to their appropriate values.
15. You are done adding a coin.


If you want to change the update interval of any of the queries, while the queries are open on the right you can right-click and go to their properties to change it.


Produced by Raymond Kopec